Add documentation for debugging inside Docker containers (#1158)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: doc/containerization.md

# Containerization

The extension has limited support of [VS Code Remote Development](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/remote-overview) features.

> Please follow [VS Code official documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) to setup your environment befor using remote development approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the [VS Code official documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) to setup your environment to use remote development approach.
```

## Developing inside a Docker Container on Linux

For development of React Native Android application in Docker Container you can use [official React Native Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/reactnativecommunity/react-native-android) provided by [react-native-community](https://github.com/react-native-community/docker-android).

> Here the steps to run React Native debugging on real Android device inside Docker Container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here the steps to run React Native debugging inside Docker Container on a real Android device:
```

1. Open Command Palette and run the following command
    ```
    Remote-Containers: Add Development Container Configuration Files...
    ```
    Then select `Existing Dockerfile` to create `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` configuration file.

> 1. You are required to create Dockerfile extending `reactnativecommunity/react-native-android` image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Сreate Dockerfile extending `reactnativecommunity/react-native-android` image.
```

> 1. Configure your `devcontainer.json` file just about like this: <br> **NOTE**: This is just a sample of configuration, you can modify your `devcontainer.json` file as you require.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure your `devcontainer.json` file just about like this: <br> **NOTE**: This is just a sample of configuration, you can modify your `devcontainer.json` file as you need.
```

    ```
    {

>         "name": "Existing Dockerfile",

Reviewer: Can we make this name more concrete and meaningful?

Author: I changed `name` property content to `React Native Android Container`.

>         // Sets the run context to one level up instead of the .devcontainer folder.

Author: This description is generated by `Remote - Containers` VS Code extension by default, I'm not sure if we should change it.

        "context": "..",

        // Update the 'dockerFile' property if you aren't using the standard 'Dockerfile' filename.
        "dockerFile": "Dockerfile",

>         // The optional 'runArgs' property can be used to specify additional runtime arguments.

Reviewer: I think we need to add a description for these arguments to make their usage more clear. I think we can add small summary for each of the arguments.

Author: I added description for used runArguments.

        "runArgs": [
            "--privileged",
            "--net", "host",
            "-v", "/dev/bus/usb:/dev/bus/usb"
        ],

        "settings": {
            // This will ignore your local shell user setting for Linux since shells like zsh are typically

>             // not in base container images. You can also update this to an specific shell to ensure VS Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // absent in base container images. You can also update this to an specific shell to ensure VS Code
```

Author: This description is generated by `Remote - Containers` VS Code extension by default, I'm not sure if we should change it.

            // uses the right one for terminals and tasks. For example, /bin/bash (or /bin/ash for Alpine).
            "terminal.integrated.shell.linux": null
        },

        // Add the IDs of extensions you want installed when the container is created in the array below.
        "extensions": ["msjsdiag.vscode-react-native"]
    }
    ```

1. Open Command Palette and run the following command `Remote-Containers: Open Folder in Container` to reopen your project in container
1. Connect your device via USB and start debugging the same way as on local machine

## Developing inside a Docker Container on macOS and Windows

> Unfortunately the above scenario doesn't work on macOS and Windows. Current Docker Container implementation on these OS uses Virtual Machine tools which don't support USB forwarding for mobile devices. So for now React Native Tools extension doesn't support React Native development on macOS and Windows inside Docker Container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the above scenario doesn't work on macOS and Windows. Docker Container implementation on these OS uses Virtual Machine tools which may have problems with USB forwarding for mobile devices.
```

# Containerization

The extension supports [VS Code Remote Development](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/remote-overview) features on Linux.

Please follow the [VS Code official documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) to setup your environment to use remote development approach.

## Developing inside a Docker Container on Linux

For development of React Native Android application in Docker Container you can use [official React Native Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/reactnativecommunity/react-native-android) provided by [react-native-community](https://github.com/react-native-community/docker-android).

> Here the steps to run React Native debugging inside Docker Container on a real Android device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the steps to run React Native debugging inside Docker Container on a real Android device:
```

1. Open Command Palette and run the following command
    ```
    Remote-Containers: Add Development Container Configuration Files...
    ```
    Then select `Existing Dockerfile` to create `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` configuration file.
1. Сreate Dockerfile extending [reactnativecommunity/react-native-android image](https://hub.docker.com/r/reactnativecommunity/react-native-android). For example you can use the following Dockerfile:
    ```
    FROM reactnativecommunity/react-native-android:latest

>     RUN npm install -g expo-cli react-native

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    RUN npm install -g expo-cli react-native-cli
```
